Docs - Improve titles and descriptions (#1187)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: docs/docs/user-guides/client-instructions.mdx

> sidebar_position: 4

Reviewer: `description:`?

---

> # Client instructions (for Firezone users)

Reviewer: Should this adhere to the new capitalization scheme?

> # Client instructions (for Firezone users)
> 
> ## Install and setup

Reviewer: I generally try to split up multiple titles with descriptions or text in between so you don't end up with:

# Title 1
## Heading 2
### Heading 3
Actual content

```suggestion
# End-user Client Instructions

Follow these instructions if you're an end-user trying to set up your WireGuard client to work with Firezone.

## Install and setup
```
